hi welcome to Tim guitar and today we're
going to take a look at a high quality
usa-made dreadnought from Breedlove so
starting at the headstock we have high
quality Breedlove branded enclosed
tuners which work very very well indeed
the neck is an American hard rock maple
neck this is a bolt-on neck which is a
common design to all of Breedlove's
guitars we have a 21 fret evany
fingerboard the body features a solid
Sitka spruce top and this top by the way
slightly thicker on the treble side than
it is on the bass side which is one of
the unique appointments that Breedlove
built into its instruments to help
enhance the tone we have an African
evany Delta bridge and again Breedlove
claimed that this bridge has a special
design which relieves pressure on the
top thus allowing the top to resonate
more freely and enhancing the guitars
natural tone now interestingly on the
solid back and sides here these are also
finished
it's an all-over gloss finish on this
guitar by the way this is American
Myrtle Beck incisor American metal solid
this wood is a locally sourced timber
from Breedlove's Oregon suppliers we of
course breedlove deserve full credit for
their green credentials in choosing
sustainable wood sources so well done
Breedlove very very good our tone wise
and Breedlove claims that myrtle is
quite similar to rosewood in that it has
a very warm sound and with very smooth
and very well defined our firm upper
mids the Oregon is an electro-acoustic
instrument by the way and we have a
fisherman ultra tone preamp it's
features very simple rotary volume and
tone controls which we'll demonstrate
for you in a moment
now one thing you may notice about this
guitar is that whilst they lower about
has the traditional dreadnought bulk to
it
the up about is much more compact
they've rounded off the shoulders a
little bit which with the consequence
that whilst the the tone of the guitar
isn't compromised it does feel more
comfortable to play compared to a
traditional dreadnought okay well we've
taken us of a overview of the Oregon
specs now let's see how it sounds
you
all right welcome back well my overall
impressions of the Breedlove Oregon are
that this is a very very high quality
guitar everything about it from its
ancillary equipment including the
Fishman preamp everything works very
very well as a whole unit
I think the acoustic sound of this
guitar is really good it has lovely
sparkling highs a nice firm bass and the
projection and consistency that you
would associate with the traditional
dreadnought design however I do like the
slightly more compact shoulders it does
help the guitar to feel more comfortable
to play compared to a standard
dreadnought all in all I've really
enjoyed playing this guitar and thank
you to Rosetti UK for loaning it to me
for this review I appreciate that and
don't forget to visit my channel for
more reviews coming up soon thanks for
watching bye bye